DOC-3355: Previous and next buttons are now disabled when only one pending change remains (#4106)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.5.0-release-notes.adoc

> 
> For information on the **<Premium plugin name 1>** plugin, see: xref:<plugincode>.adoc[<Premium plugin name 1>].
> 
> === TinyMCE AI
> 
> The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **TinyMCE AI** premium plugin.
> 
> **TinyMCE AI** includes the following fix.
> 
> ==== Previous and next buttons are now disabled when only one pending change remains
> // #TINY-13334
> 
> Previously, the previous and next navigation buttons in the TinyMCE AI review panel remained active even when only one pending change was available. This created a misleading interface, as the buttons implied additional changes to navigate through when none existed.
> 
> In {productname} {release-version}, the previous and next buttons are now disabled when only one pending change remains. This provides a clearer indication of the available navigation options and prevents users from attempting unavailable actions.
> 
> For information on the **TinyMCE AI** plugin, see: xref:tinymceai.adoc[TinyMCE AI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Previously, the previous and next navigation buttons in the TinyMCE AI review panel remained active even when only one pending suggestion was available. This created a misleading interface, as the buttons implied additional suggestions to navigate through when none existed.

In {productname} {release-version}, the previous and next buttons are now disabled when only one pending suggestion remains. This provides a clearer indication of the available navigation options and prevents users from attempting unavailable actions.

For information on the **TinyMCE AI** plugin, see: xref:tinymceai.adoc[TinyMCE AI].
```
Not sure whether we should use `suggestion` or `change` here, but it might be worth aligning with the current docs. Maybe use `suggestion` since it matches the tooltips?
